improved MCP documentation (#1171)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/mcp/server.md

# Server

PydanticAI models can also be used within MCP Servers.

> Here's a simple example of a [Python MCP server](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk) using PydanticAI within a tool call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple example of a [Python MCP server](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk) using PydanticAI within a tool call:
```

```py {title="mcp_server.py" py="3.10"}
from mcp.server.fastmcp import FastMCP

from pydantic_ai import Agent

server = FastMCP('PydanticAI Server')
server_agent = Agent(
    'anthropic:claude-3-5-haiku-latest', system_prompt='always reply in rhyme'
)

@server.tool()
async def poet(theme: str) -> str:
    """Poem generator"""
    r = await server_agent.run(f'write a poem about {theme}')
    return r.data

if __name__ == '__main__':
    server.run()
```

> Which could then be queried with any MCP client, e.g. here using a direct Python client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server can be queried with any MCP client. Here is an example using a direct Python client:
```

```py {title="mcp_client.py" py="3.10"}
import asyncio
import os

from mcp import ClientSession, StdioServerParameters
from mcp.client.stdio import stdio_client

async def client():
    server_params = StdioServerParameters(
        command='uv', args=['run', 'mcp_server.py', 'server'], env=os.environ
    )
    async with stdio_client(server_params) as (read, write):
        async with ClientSession(read, write) as session:
            await session.initialize()
            result = await session.call_tool('poet', {'theme': 'socks'})
            print(result.content[0].text)
            """
            Oh, socks, those garments soft and sweet,
            That nestle softly 'round our feet,
            From cotton, wool, or blended thread,
            They keep our toes from feeling dread.
            """

if __name__ == '__main__':
    asyncio.run(client())
```

> Note: [sampling](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/concepts/sampling#sampling) whereby servers may request LLM completions from the client is not yet supported as a model implementation in PydanticAI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: [sampling](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/docs/concepts/sampling#sampling), whereby servers may request LLM completions from the client, is not yet supported in PydanticAI.
```
